chore: Preparing for 3.8.0 release (#315)
optimizely/python-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Optimizely Python SDK Changelog

## 3.8.0

> February 11th, 2021

Reviewer: Change it to 12th if cannot release it today

### New Features
* New Features

> Introducing a new primary interface for retrieving feature flag status, configuration and associated experiment decisions for users ([#309](https://github.com/optimizely/python-sdk/pull/309)). The new OptimizelyUserContext class is instantiated with createUserContext and exposes the following APIs to get OptimizelyDecision:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introducing a new primary interface for retrieving feature flag status, configuration and associated experiment decisions for users ([#309](https://github.com/optimizely/python-sdk/pull/309)). The new `OptimizelyUserContext` class is instantiated with `create_user_context` and exposes the following APIs to get `OptimizelyDecision`:
```

Author: done

    - setAttribute
    - decide
    - decideAll
    - decideForKeys

>     - trackEvent

Reviewer: Change all these api names to python ones (snake-case)

Author: done
